DOC-1722: Edit descriptions for clusters/optimize index page (#2368)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/clusters/optimize/_index.md

    /rs/clusters/optimize/,
]
---
## [Benchmarking Redis Enterprise]({{< relref "/rs/clusters/optimize/memtier-benchmark" >}}) 
Use the `memtier_benchmark` tool to perform a performance benchmark of Redis Enterprise Software.

## [Disk sizing for heavy write scenarios]({{< relref "/rs/clusters/optimize/disk-sizing-heavy-write-scenarios" >}}) 
Determine the required persistent disk space for heavy throughput databases.

## [Cluster environment optimization]({{< relref "/rs/clusters/optimize/optimization" >}}) 
Optimize your cluster environments for better performance.

> # [Turn off services to free system memory]({{< relref "/rs/clusters/optimize/turn-off-services" >}}) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Turn off services to free system memory]({{< relref "/rs/clusters/optimize/turn-off-services" >}}) 
```

Turn off services to free memory and improve performance.

## [Redis OSS Cluster API]({{< relref "/rs/clusters/optimize/oss-cluster-api" >}}) 

> Use the Redis OSS Cluster API improve performance and let applications stay current with cluster topology changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Redis OSS Cluster API to improve performance and keep applications current with cluster topology changes.
```

> # [WAIT command]({{< relref "/rs/clusters/optimize/wait" >}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [WAIT command]({{< relref "/rs/clusters/optimize/wait" >}})
```

> Use the WAIT command to take full advantage of Redis Enterprise Software's replication based durability.

Reviewer: Maybe use this other sentence from the article as the description?
```suggestion
Use the WAIT command to control the consistency and durability guarantees for the replicated and persisted database.
```
